Ola amigos

The first advice is not to go here. It's better to find a better place to work or live, unless you're really want to face all of the 'benefits' of living here. If for some reason you still want to go here, here are some advices for you. First of all it's better to stay at home all the time. Go outside only with a batalhao of personal security. It's better to pick a few guys from BOPE and bring them here. In case it's not affordable for you, just buy a gun here. It's not hard at all, just ask any pedestrian on the street. Guns are absolutely legal, as in any russian city bears walk on the streets. So guns are a matter of protection. Also, for god sake, wear protective helmet. No matter what season it is now, bring very warm clothes. Also, you're gonna need to learn Russian perfectly, as it's the only the language spoken here. Don't forget to learn mature language as well, as nobody would understand you if you are not using it. Que mais... Ah, don't go out in the night, don't drink/take drugs. don't do anything, basically (simplegemente).


O primeiro conselho, simplesmente, é não ir aqui. É possivel para encontrarem um lugar melhor para trabalharem ou viverem, a menos que vocês realmente desejam enfrentar todos os "benefícios" que nós temos aqui. Se por algum motivo você ainda quer ir aqui, eu vou escrever alguns conselhos para você. Primeiro de tudo, é melhor ficaram em casa o tempo todo. Antes de andar para fora, convidarem um batalhão de segurança pessoal para ir convosco. É melhor escolheram alguns caras do BOPE e trazem-lhes aqui. No caso é não possível, comprarem uma arma aqui! Não é difícil em tudo, só perguntar qualquer pedestre na rua. Armas são absolutamente legais, como em qualquer cidade russa ursos andam nas ruas. Assim, as armas são uma questão de proteção. Além disso, é aconselhável usarem capacete de protecção. Não importa o que temporada (season?) é agora, para viajem aqui levarem uma roupa muito quente. Que mais... Você vai precisar aprender russo perfeitamente, porque é a única língua os russos falam, apesar de isso, não esquecerem(?) de usarem(?) a linguagem madura, porque ninguém iria entender sem ele. Não faço nada, basicamente.



-----
a menos que
Primeiro de tudo
