
I'm going to write about my friend while I was a child. Despite it's sounds a bit lame, I think that person really helped me to understand the value of a  friendship. The other suggested topic fits for me as well, but unfortunately I know the only person who changed dramaticaly — me. But the task was to write about someone, not me...

Okay, so I had a friend while I was 10 or 12, something like that. I can't remember all the details now, but I can clearly remember one summer. We were hanging out during vocations. Every day on the street, from morning to midnight. We were doing the usual stuff for kids — buying alcohol/cigarets illigally, playing some stupid games in the schoolyard, listening to music, singing songs alound with mature language, chasing older girls for hours. Sounds like it was regular friend, right? But... a real friendship is possible only when you are a child and it probably looks the way I described. The older person gets, the more problems and thoughts he has. And it makes a friendship not so naive, so pure.

Now we don't see each other often. Our ways parted. He had chosen to continue partying and I felt like that was enough. But anyway, I remember those good old days of childhood.

---------------

Eu vou escrever sobre o meu amigo de quando era criança. Apesar de que isso soa um pouco manco, acho que essa pessoa realmente ajudou-me a entender o valor de uma amizade. O outro tópico sugerido se encaixa para mim também, mas infelizmente sei só uma pessoa quem mudou-se dramaticamente — sou eu :) Mas o tarefa era (foi? why?) escrever sobre algum pessoa, não sobre mim.

Então eu tinha um amigo enquanto eu tinha 10 ou 12 anos, algo assim. Não posso lembrar todas as detalhes agora mesmo, só uma verão. Pendurávamos fora (??? 'hanging out' tradutor). Todas os dias na rua, desde o anoitecer até o amanhecer. Nós estávamos fazendo as coisas as crianças sempre fazer-lhes: tentávamos comprar álcool e cigarros ilegalmente, jogávamos alguns jogos estúpidos no pátio da escola, ouvíamos música, cantávamos músicas alto com linguagem madura, perseguíamos garotas mais velhas por horas. Parece que foi amigo usual, certo? Mas ... uma verdadeira amizade só é possível quando você é uma criança e ele provavelmente parece a maneira que eu descrevi. A pessoa mais velha fica, mais problemas e pensamentos ele tem. E faz uma amizade não tão ingênuo, tão puro.

Agora não atendemos frequentemente. Nossos caminhos se separaram. Ele tinha escolhido para continuar as festas e eu senti que era o suficiente. Mas enfim, eu me lembro daqueles bons tempos da infância.





---
Mas enfim -- but anyway
amizade
algo assim - something like that
Apesar de que isso soa um pouco manco - Despite that it sounds a bit lame
